[Music]
every year
in the small town of mount rose
minnesota a special competition takes
place
i know what some of your big city no bra
wear and hairy-legged women livers might
say
they might say that a pageant is
old-fashioned and demeaning to the girls
no i think you boys are going to find
something a little bit different here in
mont rose
[Laughter]
but for two ambitious girls i believe
this pageant teaches you what's really
important
in life i dream of getting out of mount
rules i mean guys get out of mount rules
all the time for
hockey scholarships or prison
and two jealous mothers my daughter is
the most talented contestant that mount
rose has ever had it's
not just about beauty
i'd lay down tender one that it all
comes down to amber atkins and becky
lehmann
it's about poise if you could be any
tree in the woods
what kind of tree would you be
[Laughter]
green
it's about tradition you get your ass up
there and show me some teeth
it's about winning and whatever it takes
are we all copyrighted are we all good
this year's business
it's all cops oh my god
my cat costume is gone bring it on
from new line cinema what kind of a
paint stiff matters right before a
pageant
kirstie alley ellen barkin kirsten dunst
denise richards look at that winner i
think she's had a boob job
oh come on she's too young for her hope
job they do that at birth now what are
you talking about
our pageant is not a peep show
[Applause]
drop dead gorgeous suck it in or so help
me i'll shove my foot
so far come on check your body baby
you